hello everybody today we are playing
kill it with Fire 2 this awesome spider
versus exterminator game if you want to
check it out for yourself you can follow
the links in the description and pinned
comment below there you can wish list
the game and join the public beta which
starts today go check out the game and
let's play some kill it with fire too
with Cade and Blitz I smell spiders
you're not allowed to see spiders I
smell them I'm going to smack them you
smell things don't you break my stuff
you stinky little spiders on spiders
minimize collateral damage search your
weapons I'm going get you spiders I hear
you I hear you you're not allowed to
hear me I just found a gun I like these
odds oh he can use guns Kate did you
guys hear that where are you show
yourselves
cowards oh he got I got him stuck in a
web c I got him stuck in a web you go I
saw you we heard him
face stop with these webs are you guys
in the vents hey get out of the
vents
hey oh almost there you go oh wo I got
you I got you
oh delicious
okay I got a sniper going get you kid
I'm going to cook you up with this
frying pan here oh I I can hear him oh
wait I probably shouldn't break that
stuff that's yes you should break
everything no keep feel free I'm
supposed to be nice I'll kill you with a
spoon that's how good I am wow you've
got a strange character model there
don't hit me because I'm beautiful okay
yeah he's right under he's right under
that plate it's right under the plate
there no he's not you're a liar you're
trying to get you to Break Stuff
uh-oh he got a flamethrower
red come
here burn the down where' you go he saw
me's on
fire oh my gosh that was good what
happens about The Cauldron there why is
there a giant witch I'm going to go swim
in it it's hot it's
hot where are you squeaky little spider
nowhere it's fine you just want to start
breaking random things though I wouldn't
you in here uhoh you can pick things
up no
no well half my house is burned down but
totally worth it oh I'm so cute oh hello
it's me now I see you oh God sorry oh
that happens sometimes I can hide I'm
going to go pun you two down easy
enough Kade Kade you look warm you could
put up your
I get it I get it I'm going to squish
you I'm going to rack up these
victories I already I'm out
here oh he squish this clipboard is
amazing blit pan
achieved that's so cheap dang K you
Baker cuz you're smuggling
cake he does not skip glute day it's
just oh I just found five 00 bucks I
left a big pile of money in there if he
could uh if he could hold on to it for
me I didn't find it I'm afraid oh darn
you're supposed to destroy stuff I don't
know how just push it around there you
go yeah get that bird cage run away run
away where are your little spider legs
oh a gun give me this get that lion
Blitz ain't lying about being a spider
I'm not lying I've got a revolver can I
breach work you just cost $5 buddy did
you knock these paintings down hey no I
wouldn't I would never paintings Down K
that'd be very rude oh this where did
you just come from
no wow I had 7 seconds left H Blitz I
see you
hey see what's oh he splattered me okay
what is this all right I smell you whoa
no he smells you see go is that a
flamethrower already it is I got a
flamethrower no I'm On Fire come back
here I'm going to burate you
no in oh it hurt fire hurts Kade you'll
be fine with this because you've got
nine lives mhm Kade don't be so
catty oh my rocket launcher that seems
like rocket you should try it out so we
can see what it looks like you know you
should just shoot some expensive stuff
yeah does any expensive item you
see oh my that was easy that kitty's
toast I'm stealing his rocket launcher
can I use it go k quick point it at him
I'll just put web in front of it now
that's a he's finding $500 stop finding
money that's my spider
money blit I don't like you but I
shouldn't judge a book by its cover hey
fellas I found a Tracker oh that's
[Music]
cheating get W run oh my
God Go Mama M I don't
want you just broke a bunch of stuff you
stupid guy why can't I find where Kade
is I could give you a thous Kate is like
the wind Kade get out of there he has no
idea don't give away your position with
your tiny spider farts no
kop that's all the beans beans and flies
are you running k
no as he shoots web oh hang out right
here here this is perfect what are you
we got The Shining floor going on right
now uhuh come play with us Blitz I'm
attempting to play forever I have an
idea there's only a minute left if I
justy the I wonder where he is Blitz if
I just what is that that did nothing
stop feel like a rocket launcher why Ro
overkill for spider hunting no more pun
Clues I want to
win why do I hear fire oh I set the
house on fire oh no oh how do how do I
put this
out well done under the logs no h up get
out of here are you guys hiding together
no what oh we these how these webs just
pop up stop shooting webs out of your
butt it's giving us a away
run get back here run I'm a CH to I I'll
save you what is this hairspray no more
fire I'm On Fire get away from
oh never mind I'm out here all right SE
toop I distracted him good you have a
minute and 45 you can do this I got to
find a weapon for ctop oh this shotgun
seems like it could do the trick what
did you kill me with anyway beat you
with a clipboard and set you on fire I
hear you clear uh-oh you hear nothing
are you under one of these there Lun run
away doing are you in this room now
no what no are you in these books
yeah I'm in a book cuz knowledge is
power I feel like I I'm expect every
mushroom oh you in the pot run
away run away so
slow
shot ow okay Kate I don't like you and
you don't like me yeah we got to work
together okay we just stand perfectly
still to you'll think it's one spider so
what we need to do is hunt the spiders
then not break everything but I have
$1,000 to break everything so that'll be
fun the only thing you're breaking is
Hearts Blitz ktie you think you'll be
suspicious if the room we're in is full
of web no they'll have no I hear webbing
like crazy happening let's just burn
through the webs because that's what I
do hey I worked hard on those those webs
are like my children Blitz I don't want
you to kill me but I don't want to whine
oh
really stupid pun no such thing don't
want to whine I'm just going to burn all
my kitchen down cuz there's spiders in
here burn hello any spiders in the
kitchen I remember when I was in the
kitchen like five minutes ago oh okay
like a loser you big old
dummy what oh oh I heard that well done
Kade you distracted him right before he
stepped on
me oh no oh the fire oh I see him he's
running now why is he dead oh Kade get
back here get back here you little
monster burn him down I'll save you Kade
get him run to safety kid yeah flee good
you died usually when you hit someone
with Napalm they just kind of die like
that
fire spiders win oh I burned up too much
in the house hey I I won while being on
fire there is a fine looking painting
right there if I can flip it over oh
there we go Blitz I found a picture of
you did you yep your Choy little cheeks
your beautiful red
hair let out of you can come find us now
oh okay oh no oh there's a lot stop it
it's sticky oopy goopy he's so slow I'm
going to get y'all with just the
clipboard that's how good I am hey if
you can move that is God there is a a
lot of weapon here oh see to you want to
hit me huh yeah I want to hit you to hit
me so bad
huh no he can't he can't even
get we're going back hey you be nice to
my spider so much there's so many we
my I've been spamming it for days my man
just TR come back to me Kade come back
to me keep making a path keep making the
so
annoying up that room run away go please
no no no no no no run
away oh my God it's so
annoying there we go this seems more of
my sped oh I think he has a shotgun now
away oh that's a laser guy get sniped
nerd I want Cade and I want the FR P you
know where I'm at see do you get out
here and face me like the man you are or
are you some sort of darn spider I'm an
are you a man or are you a Spiderman
don't make me kill your
uncle no wow that got real deep real
fast oh
hey uhoh that looks like a oh he's got
the frying pan oh oh your almost one's
there just imagine your enti stop teing
me you little spider son of a
biscuit your entire this is a fing pan
for the future this is a future frying
pan I didn't expect the morals to get
compromised I know it looks like a gun
but it ain't hi kid why is it the same
all way
to come here sa oh no flee get no I
don't have any other gun at the moment
smack smack what is this oh it's a
Tracker well I know where you're at I'm
going I'm going to hide his weapons cuz
then he can't kill me you're so tiny
dang it I stuck to the wall so tiny and
small oh I got him is right
here I got the frying pan I'm filling
the library with web welcome to my
domain hi Kade how you doing he's made
he's made a layer in here come here
what's the matter kid what's the matter
can't get me now it's now it's frying
pan time you can't get me
oh what's the matter wow this hurts more
than I thought it
would come
here I'm not as good at filling a room
full of web as him where are spiders I
got I'm paranoid now I got spider
Madness show yourself it's called
aerophobia My Guy spot of
Madness oh this is a great hiding spot
where are you show yourself no don't
burn down the not up there where there
the chandelier think SE I don't know
where the spiders are go
spiders screen shaking I
know uhoh I know you're in here there's
a bunch of web up in here now D
spiders did you take alone that's up BL
go that's not
good yes oh we we did it where did I go
wrong
[Laughter]
Kate who's your favorite composer is it
Andrew Lloyd
Weber hi Kate Hi you know I'm I'm I'm
coming off the balcony come
here can do
that it's cheating what's your favorite
no never mind I can't say that word I
don't know where I am what's your
favorite composer no I was going to say
we the place I'm hiding oh
no what's your favorite book is it
Charlotte's
Web oh
my huis my obsession with puns you're
just serving him the victory on a golden
platter cart thing is it oh there he is
that one was a bit of a stretch Blitz
make me a sandwich while you're in there
okay is there a dead person in there
Blitz I think
so ases here are you in this somewhere
oh there you go can I no hey run get
back use my clipboard where' you go you
just teleported you got a rocket
launcher shoot him with that he's going
to win in 18 seconds oh that's a good
point hang on run blitz I don't know who
I'm rooting for I am running is it fire
no the web fire oh he got me in the
corner shot caught him off at the old
pass oh this reminds me of my favorite
composer who's your favorite composer
John Q rocket launcher my goodness Kate
dang Kate are you Baker cuz you're
smuggling cake he does not skip glute
day